Update the Build from source documentation (#16924)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/building.md

## Building from source

> Make sure you have JDK 11 (or newer), Maven 3.5.4 (or newer) and Git installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have JDK 11 (or newer), Maven 3.8.6 (or newer) and Git installed.
```

Maybe we could switch the instructions here to use `./mvnw`?

    java -version
    mvn -version
    git --version

**NOTE**

If you are using Maven 3.8.1 or newer, please add the following mirror to your local 

> `~/.m2/settings.xml` to avoid build errors:

Reviewer: This is not needed anymore

    
To build Keycloak run:

>     mvn clean install -DskipTests=true

Reviewer: Should we also add?
```suggestion
    mvn clean install -DskipTests=true -DskipTestsuite
```

    
This will build all modules. The build of the Keycloak server is then available in the archive under the directory `quarkus/dist/target`.

> If you would also like to run testsuite during the build, you can omit the `-DskipTests=true` parameter. Please be aware that testsuite can take at least 3 hours to complete. However, there is an alternative if you want to avoid running the full testsuite on your laptop and at the same time ensure that your changes in the code did not cause regressions. To check if your changes will cause a regression, you should push the changes to a GitHub fork and verify if all the checks are successful. Those checks run testsuite and do other verifications.

Reviewer: I'd probably leave this out, as it should rather be captured in the testing documentation

Author: Those were the changes suggested by @mposolda. I don't mind removing it if we agree.

    
To build Keycloak run:

    mvn clean install -DskipTests=true
    
This will build all modules. The build of the Keycloak server is then available in the archive under the directory `quarkus/dist/target`.

If you would also like to run testsuite during the build, you can omit the `-DskipTests=true` parameter. Please be aware that testsuite can take at least 3 hours to complete. However, there is an alternative if you want to avoid running the full testsuite on your laptop and at the same time ensure that your changes in the code did not cause regressions. To check if your changes will cause a regression, you should push the changes to a GitHub fork and verify if all the checks are successful. Those checks run testsuite and do other verifications.

> To build the ZIP for the WildFly distribution (*deprecated*) with all the adapters:

Reviewer: There is no longer a WF distribution in main

Author: Thanks @stianst, updated.
